Update braze.md (#125)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/destinations/braze.md

    - [**External ID**](https://www.braze.com/docs/api/basics/#user-ids): Any unique identifier for each user in Braze.
    - [**Braze ID**](https://www.braze.com/docs/api/basics/#user-ids): A unique identifier provided by Braze for each user.
    - [**User Alias**](https://www.braze.com/docs/api/objects_filters/user_alias_object): An alternative unique identifier for each user in Braze.

>     - [**Email**](https://www.braze.com/docs/api/endpoints/user_data/post_user_track/#frequently-asked-questions): Using email as the identifier without an External ID or Braze ID may lead to unexpected behavior. i.e. If a user is sent to Braze with an ID and the same email later on, Braze won't automatically merge them, resulting in two separate users. To handle this, please refer to Braze’s [documentation](https://www.braze.com/docs/user_guide/engagement_tools/segments/user_profiles/) for step-by-step guidance on merging users within Braze through their user-friendly UI. Additionally, Braze also provides a [Merge User API](https://www.braze.com/docs/api/endpoints/user_data/post_users_merge/) for merging users, offering you more flexibility and control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [**Email**](https://www.braze.com/docs/api/endpoints/user_data/post_user_track/#frequently-asked-questions): Using email as the identifier without an External ID or Braze ID may lead to unexpected behavior. For example, if Amplitude sends a user to Braze with an ID and the same email, Braze doesn't merge them, resulting in two separate users. For instructions to avoid this case, see to Braze’s [User Profiles](https://www.braze.com/docs/user_guide/engagement_tools/segments/user_profiles/) documentation. Braze also provides a [Merge User API](https://www.braze.com/docs/api/endpoints/user_data/post_users_merge/) for merging users, offering you more flexibility and control.
```

Reviewer 2: Thank you!
